Add office hours to Contact section (#201)
ngi-nix/summer-of-nix: README.md

[Open an issue](https://github.com/ngi-nix/summer-of-nix/issues) to ask a question in public.
Send direct messages for questions that require privacy.

> Members of our team will also be available to answer any of your questions directly in the [Nix@NGI office hours](https://jitsi.lassul.us/ngi-nix-office-hours) Jitsi room, every [Tuesdays and Thursdays, 15:00 to 16:00 CEST](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/0/embed?src=b9o52fobqjak8oq8lfkhg3t0qg@group.calendar.google.com).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Members of our team will also be available to answer any of your questions directly in the [Nix@NGI office hours](https://jitsi.lassul.us/ngi-nix-office-hours) Jitsi room, every [Tuesdays and Thursdays, 15:00 to 16:00 Europe/Berlin](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/0/embed?src=b9o52fobqjak8oq8lfkhg3t0qg@group.calendar.google.com).
```

That way we don't have to change it in fall again.
